# Summary
This is a work sample for employers to see my work, how I code, and what my abilites are as someone who uses R. Below are descriptions of folders which house differnt parts of the code for the main script, *dpscd_hiring_exercise.R*. 
The titles of the scripts are somewhat descriptive as this repo is a work in progress in terms of organization, and hopefully will be organized within a week or so. 

Updates to come for repo are:

1. Re-label repository for general work samples in future.
2. Organize scripts into folders:
  * ~Functions~ (01/28/2021)
  * ~Data Managment~ (01/28/2021)
3. Improve function names and titles
4. Create universal functions throughout. i.e. Section 1 and Section 4 are similar so functions could be combined
5. Create initalizing system script to *source* in the beginning
6. Function to generate reports
8. Rshiny app (*rshiny* repo - need to rename)
7. More to come...

## Data
This folder houses the data used in creating the reports (found in *Reports*). Succinctly, there is a key and two academic years of data from [DPSCD](https://www.detroitk12.org/) which has been anotomized for public use purposes. I have gotten permission to share the data and other information publicly available on their site.

## Data_work
Houses files for data prep for each section.

## Functions
Houses plot functions for each respective section.

## Info
This is other information related to the data. For example, there is a variable of MeanSGP (Mean Student Growth Percentile) and within *Info* there is a link to a pdf which explains a little more about this particular metric DPSCD is using.

## Plots
Self explanatory, this is the folder which houses plots generated by functions.

## Reports
This is where the reports I was tasked to reside. One is a district/community wide report and the other is a particular school of my choice. This have not been updated and were last generated January 14, 2021.

